Congratulations on completing the analyze data lesson.
By now, you've learned a number of manipulation techniques and formulas,
but more importantly, you've learned how to use
those skills to answer questions about data you're given.
That's what analysis is all about,
asking and answering questions based on data.
In particular, you've learned how to aggregate data with
statistical functions and to test data with conditional if statements.
You've learned how to create pivot tables and use named ranges
and lookups to find answers to your questions efficiently.
If you've done all the quizzes and exercises,
and I hope you have,
you've practised these skills including combining some of them to answer data questions.
So far, we've just answered questions with numbers or text.
But some answers are clear if we can see the data in a chart or graph.
That's coming up next in the visualized data lesson.